
 Comment by AutoModerator:
All new posts must have a brief statement from the user submitting explaining how their post relates to law or the courts in a response to this comment. **FAILURE TO PROVIDE A BRIEF RESPONSE MAY RESULT IN REMOVAL.**

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/law) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 Comment by Glittering-Most-9535:
I can foresee no horrific side effects to determining that neither probable cause nor due process are requirements.
 Comment by boo99boo:
This motherfucker actually said it out loud. 


He's not afraid to say it out loud anymore. And that should scare the everloving shit out of all us. 
 Comment by Lord_Mormont:
I imagine all the “Don’t tread on me” license plate owners are busy sending them back right now. 

Or not…
 Comment by cheweychewchew:
Open and candid admission of racism.

If I'm Irish or Russian and here illegally I have no reason to fear ICE. If I'm a 3rd generation US citizen of Hispanic descent with darker skin than a white person, I'm fair game for incarceration by ICE on the basis of my appearance. 

Aren't these the same people who have been saying racism doesn't exist in America anymore? 

45% approval rating for Trump atm. AmeriKKKa can go fuck itself.
 Comment by NimbusFPV:
This guy sounds like a drunk at the end of the bar slurring his way through a bad opinion. Total embarrassment.
 Comment by 360Picture:
🇺🇸 Bill of Rights – Pocket Summary

1. Free Speech &amp; Religion – Speak, worship, press, assemble, protest.  
2. Guns – Right to bear arms.  
3. No Quartering – No forced housing of soldiers.  
4. Searches – No searches without a warrant.  
5. Remain Silent – No self-incrimination, double jeopardy, or unfair taking.  
6. Speedy Trial – Fast, fair trial with a lawyer and witnesses.  
7. Jury in Civil Cases – Right to jury in money/property disputes.  
8. No Cruel Punishment – No torture, no extreme bail/fines.  
9. People’s Rights – You have more rights than what’s listed here.  
10. States’ Rights – Powers not given to the feds belong to states/people.
 Comment by IAmBoring_AMA:
"briefly detain"? Briefly... kneel on them, drag them into a van, not identify oneself as law enforcement, take them to an unknown location and deny them legal representation... briefly.
 Comment by beavis617:
So, today people are pulled off the street because they looked Hispanic and are disappeared to who knows where and we are supposed to accept this as the new normal. Who gets pulled off the streets tomorrow?
 Comment by Numerous_Photograph9:
Stop and frisk is back on the menu, boys.
 Comment by 5050Clown:
That guy is making a lot of money off of the private prison industry. He's heavily invested in it. This is disgusting corruption from the top. These people need to be in jail, held accountable for this, But instead they just become billionaires.
 Comment by Dragon_wryter:
Reeeeally looking forward to those new Nuremberg trials. How nice of the media to keep records of everything.
 Comment by kon---:
That motherfucker doesn't understand this is a two-way street nor is it occurring to him...where the fuck in the world is he going to go once the public begins practicing the use of force against ICE?
 Comment by Nick85er:
It only took them 6 months to speed run to racial profiling as federal policy. Never mind all the violations of laws and constitutional rights, and the intentional destruction of American standing in the world and our domestic economy.


We can't feign surprise because we know this guy is an insurrectionist and anyone and everyone associating with him is a traitor. It still hurts my heart that people cast votes for this f****** monster &amp; "Project 2025".
 Comment by MagicDragon212:
They dont need probable cause...except for their physical appearance? And what type of physical appearance would thay be hmmm?

We fought long and hard to just reduce the amount of racial profiling from cops. We can see that ICE dont even have half the training and professionalism of cops, so why would we not be upset that these pure amateurs get to bypass our rights and can literally detain, search, and question anyone based on vibes

Distrust in institutions was already a problem and these unqualified pieces of shit are jackhammering that distrust as deep as they can because they dont actually care about our country
 Comment by cntreadwell3:
Reasonable suspicion: guys brown—illegal?!?!
 Comment by Crusoebear:
Based on the way he constantly slurs his speech there is probable cause that he’s drunk 24/7.
 Comment by Bawbawian:
the Constitution doesn't defend itself
 Comment by jim45804:
This is ethnic cleansing. Call it out for what it is.
 Comment by rex_swiss:
Papier bitte.
 Comment by beavis617:
This prick Homan gets off on this shit!
 Comment by Minimum-Avocado-9624:
I’m not saying that TH should be profiled as a child predator, I’m just saying that not all CP’s look like TH but all TH’s look like CP’s.
 Comment by ohiotechie:
So they are 100% just snatching brown people off the streets. Un fucking real. I mean I think we all already knew they were doing that but to say it out loud - holy shit.
 Comment by No_Outcome_7601:
So physical appearance is now probable cause to arrest someone? WTF?
 Comment by leni710:
It's wild that all these "merit based" candidates speak worse English, have zero communication skills, are not eloquent at all, and completely lack orator training. From Trump to this guy to RFK to Noem to Dr. Phil to Hegseth and a bunch of others who literally sound like they downed a fifth and snorted a line and are out here cognitively and verbally stumbling through serious topics. 

I'd love it if my leaders could speak more eloquently than the human beings they're yelling at about not being "Amerikkkan" enough.
 Comment by Immediate_Age:
What a sad drunken marble mouth of a man. I can smell the rotten booze breath, and lifetime of bad decisions from here.
 Comment by Miserable-Army3679:
I think we should detain Tom Homan, based on his physical appearance.
 Comment by geth1138:
So no probable cause to detain, judging them for looking Mexican is fine, and they don’t get a day in court. This guy is a piece of trash who just basically said they will say fuck you to the courts. 

I’m getting really mad, y’all.
 Comment by BitterFuture:
Well, that's wildly unconstitutional.

Also, Tom Homan is not the director of ICE. That's a position requiring Senate confirmation, and no one has been confirmed in the role for a long, long time (since 2017). [The orange monster nominated someone (Caleb Vitello) in December 2024](https://www.axios.com/2024/12/06/trump-immigration-ice-caleb-vitello), but [withdrew his nomination in a fit of pique in February](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/trump-administration-reassigning-acting-ice-director-rcna193225), so there's no one even in the works.

Tom Homan is just an asshole White House policy guy with delusions of grandeur.
 Comment by shottylaw:
Staff attorneys at ICE right now are just ripping their hair out
 Comment by Depressed-Industry:
With all the FA happening in this cabal, they better hope they hold on to power forever. Otherwise they're going to have a harsh FO time.
 Comment by MoonBatsRule:
This checks with overall policing. I have had discussions police officers. They don't think that they racially profile, because they use phrases like "totality of the situation".  They think that because they use 10 points of data, that they aren't racially profiling. They say "if I pull over a car full of kids, the car is expensive, it's in a certain neighborhood, the kids are wearing certain clothes, and they are black, I've used the totality of the situation to determine that there is reasonable suspicion".

What they *don't* see is that is that if the kids were white, they would arrive at a different conclusion - which means they are using race to treat people differently.
 Comment by Mattrad7:
Hell yeah, we can just use racism to arrest people!
 Comment by BicFleetwood:
The principle architects of the Holocaust were Nazi Germany's *deportation experts.*

The Holocaust began, formally and procedurally, as the Madagascar Plan--a mass deportation and denaturalization plan that ultimately failed to manifest *after* they'd already rounded people in in camps and ghettos. At that time, it wasn't uncommon for people to be "caught and released" in those camps, because they weren't death camps *yet.* But as they continued to round people up with no actionable plan for what to do with them following the failure of the Madagascar Plan, their "solutions" to the problem of their own creation grew even more sinister.

The architects of the transition to industrialized death camps were Germany's deportation authorities. The functional evolution of the Holocaust sprang from a mass deportation and denaturalization program which day-by-day grew progressively more and more deadly. Moreover, no one was *compelled* to conduct the Holocaust at any point of its evolution--it was engineered and conducted purely by *voluntary* Germans, and there is no record of anyone who declined to participate on moral grounds being punished by the Nazis for their refusal, nor any such refusals hindering the acceleration of the atrocities.

Forget the law. Forget the procedural bickering about due process. You are missing a big fucking forest for the little tree that is the procedural due process debate.

IT IS HAPPENING AGAIN.

IT IS HAPPENING HERE.
 Comment by superSaganzaPPa86:
The way this fat, marble mouth fuck says "we get 4th amendment training over and over, every six months". His eyes are rolling harder than Thomas Jefferson in his grave.
 Comment by chriskot123:
Briefly detain…like we keep seeing videos of them tackling random people, who are screaming in an American.
 Comment by BlackberryShoddy7889:
If we really start arresting people solely based on their appearance, this “pig “ is headed to the slaughter house.   Fascist morons
 Comment by InfoBarf:
At least they are just admitting they dont use warrants or go on targetted raids, theyre just grabbing latino presenting people and holding them for deportation barring some exculpatory evidence. Guilty until proven innocent.


Also, racial profiling as official policy is a hell of a thing.
 Comment by AstroGoose5:
This entire administration is a domestic enemy of America and the Constitution.

When does the military oath to protect America from enemies for and domestic come into play?
 Comment by White_Locust:
You also don’t have reasonable suspicion.
 Comment by AdInformal7467:
this guy doesnt have the mental fitness to coach a youth football team
 Comment by Dizzy_Chemistry_5955:
This is racist
 Comment by shipthisshit:
He sounds disabled.
 Comment by StefanoDSM:
Never thought I'd live to see this day. Very sad.
 Comment by tortillandbeans:
It was never about "doing it the right way". It was always racist, and anyone who says it isn't is lying to themselves. It's acceptable because it is not happening to white people, sigh. I hate this country
 Comment by engineered_academic:
Ooh that's gonna be evidence in a racial discrimination lawsuit.
 Comment by Culiatore:
Some claim “Reasonable Articulate Suspicion” os enough. Well,
•Racial or ethnic appearance alone is not enough.
•Speaking Spanish, having an accent, or “looking foreign” is not a lawful basis to detain. So no.
 Comment by AJPennypacker39:
Is there anyone in the entire administration that isn't absolutely painful to listen to, even besides the content of what they are saying?
 Comment by CalRipkenForCommish:
Is he drunk?  The man can’t even articulate the word “articulable”.  As a retired, long time detective, articulable facts was an every minute of every day requirement of the job.  This administration is becoming more like the gestapo every day.  It’s not hyperbole any more.  I see this video and I see my brothers and sisters in actual law enforcement (not these cosplaying ICE wannabe cops) being put further and further into harm’s way.
 Comment by Adventurous_Light_85:
Gestapo
 Comment by tommm3864:
Nothing like a little racial profiling with your morning coffee.
 Comment by Coldkiller17:
Oh look more Constitutional and civil rights violations.